README.md, before:

## Introduction
My name is Spencer Ord, and I'm a junior studying Cybersecurity at BYU. I became interested in the tech field when I entered college in 2023 and decided on Cybersecurity as my major in 2024. Since then I have learned so much and am ready to put it to use.

## Skills (in order of ability)
- Python Scripting
- Data Analysis
- Tableau
- SQL
- Linux
- C
- C++
- HTML
- CSS
- MySQL databases
- MongoDB databases
- Vue framework
- Node
- Apache
- Express

## Projects (See Pins)

### Smart Doorbell
A project using C coding and a raspberry pi to create a smart doorbell complete with joystick button and screen. However, the repo is private and not owned by me, so the complete code isn't available to pin. The main code, however, is visible.

### Web Framework To-do list Website
A complex web development project that involved creating an API and a To-do website using the VUE Framework.

### Hack Your Own Adventure
A group project game created in python similar to choose your own adventure books. The player will decide how he wants to hack into a company.

### Python Automation
A walkthrough about writing and automating python scripts. Written for audiences with beginning code experience.

Commit message:

Revise skills and projects in README.md
Updated skills and projects sections in README.md, added OS Hardening and CRM Management skills, and included Placement Reports project details while removing outdated projects.

README.md, after:

## Introduction
My name is Spencer Ord, and I'm a junior studying Cybersecurity at BYU. I became interested in the tech field when I entered college in 2023 and decided on Cybersecurity as my major in 2024. Since then I have learned so much and am ready to put it to use.

## Skills (in order of ability)
- Python Scripting
- OS Hardening
- Data Analysis
- Tableau
- SQL
- CRM Management
- Linux
- C
- C++
- HTML
- CSS
- MongoDB databases

## Projects (See Pins)

### Placement Reports
Saved my team 10+ hours of work every month by automating weekly placement reports for leadership and career directors. Learned how to use Python to connect to a mySQL database and an email using smtplib, along with manipulating data with excel via openpxyl.

### Smart Doorbell
A project using C coding and a raspberry pi to create a smart doorbell complete with joystick button and screen. However, the repo is private and not owned by me, so the complete code isn't available to pin. The main code, however, is visible.

### Hack Your Own Adventure
A group project game created in python similar to choose your own adventure books. The player will decide how he wants to hack into a company.

### Python Automation
A walkthrough about writing and automating python scripts. Written for audiences with beginning code experience.
